05_Interpolation_Notebook (#33)
MeteoSwiss/opendata-nwp-demos: README.md

- [**02_download_soil_temp.ipynb**](02_download_soil_temp.ipynb) — Download forecast files to disk for offline storage, external tools, or advanced manual processing.
- [**03_calculate_wind_speed.ipynb**](03_calculate_wind_speed.ipynb) — Retrieve wind component forecasts as Xarray objects and derive the horizontal wind speed using the Python library [meteodata-lab](https://meteoswiss.github.io/meteodata-lab/).
- [**04_calculate_rel_humidity.ipynb**](04_calculate_rel_humidity.ipynb) — Retrieve specific humidity, temperature and pressure as Xarray objects and compute relative humidity using [meteodata-lab](https://meteoswiss.github.io/meteodata-lab/).

> - [**05_interpolate_temp.ipynb**](05_interpolate_temp.ipynb) — Retrieve temperature forecast data as Xarray object and interpolate from model levels to standard pressure levels using [meteodata-lab](https://meteoswiss.github.io/meteodata-lab/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**05_interpolate_temp.ipynb**](05_interpolate_temp.ipynb) — Retrieve temperature forecasts as an Xarray object and interpolate from model levels to pressure levels using [meteodata-lab](https://meteoswiss.github.io/meteodata-lab/).
```
